Lotus version 0.7.2 (#3978)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# Lotus changelog

# 0.7.2 / 2020-09-23

This optional release of Lotus introduces a major refactor around how a Lotus node interacts with code from the specs-actors repo. We now use interfaces to read the state of actors, which is required to be able to reason about different versions of actors code at the same time.

> Additionally, this release introduces various 

Reviewer: ...

Reviewer: Maybe a "test carefully" warning?

Author: i obviously meant to leave that sentence trailing, it's

## Changes

#### Core Lotus

- Network upgrade support (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3781)
- Upgrade markets to `v0.6.2` (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3974)
- Validate chain sync response indices when fetching messages (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3939)
- Add height diff to sync wait (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3926)
- Replace Requires with Wants (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3898)
- Update state diffing for market actor (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3889)
- Parallel fetch for sync (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3887)
- Fix SectorState (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3881)

#### User Experience

> - Fix out-of-bounds when loading all sector infos (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3976

Reviewer: Wasn't a regression (was an issue with the refactor PR), do we mention these?

Author: removing

- Add basic deal stats api server for spacerace slingshot (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3963)
- When doing `sectors update-state`, show a list of existing states if user inputs an invalid one (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3944)
- Fix `lotus-miner storage find` error (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3927)
- Log shutdown method for lotus daemon and miner (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3925)
- Update build and setup instruction link (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3919)

> - Add an option to hide sectors in Removed from `sectors list` (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3903)

Reviewer: What does this mean?

Reviewer 2: I'd say
```suggestion
- Hide Removed sectors from `lotus-miner sectors list` by default (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3903)
```

Author: fixing

#### Testing and validation

> - Add init.State#Remove() for testing (https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/3971)

Reviewer: Not sure if this is relevant (was effectively part of the refactor)
